As the term speaks for itself.
A system, service, or user that
produces data relevant to business is called data producer.
We need to learn in depth about data producers because data
produces determine what data is generated, in what format,
at what rate, how much,
all these factors influence our data strategy,
and also what our data offering will look like to data customers.
We need to go a little deeper into the topic of
even data to understand different types of data producer.
But first, let's talk about how our data consumer can be a data producer.
Consider a simple relational database.
In our eraser example,
we had bunch of tables.
Data is generated when customer registers or buys an eraser.
That is stored in a relational database,
let us call it EBD, eraser booking database.
This database is the data consumer or data destination for all our data.
But similar teams can run reports or query this DB to ask
questions like how many erasers were sold in certain time frame,
and this DB will be a source of data for them.
There can be many such instances where data consumer would also be a data producer.
All SAS application will be data consumers and data producers.
We will learn more about several sub-systems in later part of this lesson.
But first, even data and even data modeling.